what's up guys and welcome to a new
video in today's video I'm gonna show
you how to floss sort and like and then
their ass in the like a bomb site in the
DOS to map so us maybe all of you have
already done this maybe that maybe
something like that or even something
like that but this they see this they
see like like something like that and
they go behind and then can go again and
they kill you so what you're gonna do
you're gonna throw your flashbang
exactly there when you're running so
you're gonna do this the flashbang is
exploding over up here somewhere here so
they are not like waiting it and they
get flashed so the main thing is that
you're gonna go by these boxes like here
by the wall by the boxes so it's gonna
be hard
a it's all gonna be hard to make a
mistake and you're gonna rise back and
throw your flashbang like that and then
you're gonna rush so like get your team
here yeah and like throw that flood all
over you have like point a little bit
down throw your flashbang and osaki and
then roster in the a bomb site they are
not gonna do anything and kill them all
so the plasma is something like that so
that everything gets lost even the guys
were coming down in the C team even the
guys on the side or in there like long
so one last time if you like try to do
this like that then they flashbang like
hits the wall over there and exploding
here so they're not going to getting
flaws so just like flaccid over there
just slice it like the last point of the
line
thinkI not a in the stern because if you
throw it like that
oh look look like that if you throw like
that it goes back and if you go like box
and you're gonna get flash so like that
and Ross them and kill them all
so hope you guys enjoy the video hope
you get a lot a lot guys flash using
this flashbang and again the next time
yep